Temporarily work around Test262 tests broken by V8 bug #1416538 (#230)
js-temporal/temporal-polyfill: test/expected-failures-cldr42.txt

# Failures in this file are expected to fail for all Test262 tests. To record
# expected test failures for the transpiled or optimized builds of the polyfill,
# see expected-failures-es5.txt and expected-failures-opt.txt respectively.

> # A breaking change in the way CLDR v42 formats whitespace causes these to fail.
> # We don't know exactly when they will roll out the CLDR change fully, but when
> # they do these tests should start passing again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# A regression in V8 (https://bugs.chromium.org/p/chromium/issues/detail?id=1416538)
# caused these tests to fail. We don't know when a fix is expected, but when it's fixed then
# these tests should start passing again.
```

Author: Done.
